In this video, I'm going to explain the use cases
and give examples of more promise-related syntax.
First, I'll cover some syntax you've already seen,
but this time I'll cover it in greater detail.
I'm also going to throw in one new method you can use in promise chains.
As you already know,
the new promise syntax is one way to initialize a new promise.
Often though, you'll be working with promises that have
been initiated elsewhere and return a promise to you,
like we saw with the fetch requests.
You'll remember this one as well.
The promise.reject method forces a promise to fail,
and takes an argument which should be the reason for failure or the error.
Promise.resolve is also fairly straightforward.
It forces a promise to succeed,
and can pass in a result value if desired.
Now, for the new method;
we haven't talked a lot about the settled or fulfilled state of a promise,
but sometimes you want to run logic after
a request regardless of whether the request failed or succeeded.
If you want something to happen in both the then statement and the catch statement,
you could duplicate your code across both statements,
or you could use the finally clause.
Finally, we'll trigger when a promise is settled,
and it is the last thing to run in a promise chain.
The interesting thing about the finally method is that it takes no arguments,
which make sense when you think about it because you can't
know if the argument would be an error or a value.
We already have other ways to handle both of those cases.
The important thing about finally,
is that you use it because you don't care what the response was.
You want this action to happen in either case,
and you don't need to add a finally statement unless you have logic to put in it.
In the next section, we'll cover another set of advanced promise methods.